Doc: Add filter known issue to 7.15.2 release notes (#13519)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

[[logstash-7-15-2]]
=== Logstash 7.15.2 Release Notes

[[known-issue-7-15-2]]
==== Known issue

Release 7.15.2 includes filter versions that will not run on JDK 8.
This issue is fixed in the latest versions: 

* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash-versioned-plugins/current/v3.1.12-plugins-filters-date.html[date filter 3.1.12]

> * https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash-versioned-plugins/current/v7.2.7-plugins-filters-geoip.html[geoip filter 7.2.7]

Author: Does the lockfile affect which versions can be manually updated? That is, can a user running 7.15.2 upgrade to these plugin versions, or do we need to suggest an upgrade to 7.16.1 as well.

Reviewer: A user who downloads 7.15.2 could certainly install the updated versions of the plugins, in the usual way.

The lockfile is a snapshot of the plugins that are _currently_ installed, including all of their dependencies, and the plugin manager uses this info when installing or updating plugins to ensure that the dependency graph can be satisfied (and writes a new lockfile when it is done).

Author: Nice explanation, thank you!  I guess I've never thought about this before. Good to know. 😄

You can <<updating-plugins,update these plugins>> as usual:

[source,sh]
-----
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-date
bin/logstash-plugin update logstash-filter-geoip
-----

> TIP: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` and `LS_JAVA_HOME` environment variables to run Logstash with the bundled JDK (currently JDK 11). 
> This approach is recommended and can help you avoid version incompatibilities. 

Author: ```suggestion
TIP: Clear the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable to run Logstash with the bundled JDK (currently JDK 11). 
This approach is recommended and can help you avoid version incompatibilities. 
```

Author: Looks like LS_JAVA_HOME wasn't added until 7.16 based on [this info](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/12725), and we should remove the reference to it.
